Updated testing docs (#1544)
kartoza/sawps: docs/src/developer/guide/testing.md

# Testing

End-to-end testing.

## Essential reading

* <https://playwright.dev/>
* <https://direnv.net/docs/installation.html>

## Setting up a testing environment

Please follow the Kartoza [coding standards](https://kartoza.github.io/TheKartozaHandbook/development/conventions/coding_standards/#compliance).

### Testing prerequisites

The primary framework used is [playwright](https://playwright.dev/).

### Setting up playwright

**Note:** Playwright is installed locally on your device and NOT in the container.

Navigate to the `playwright` directory, there are two other directories present:

    1. ci-tests
    2. staging-tests

Navigate to `ci-tests`.

To install `playwright` ensure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) installed.

Once `Node.js` is installed, use `npm` JavaScript package manager to install `playwright`.

To install dependencies defined in `package.json` file:

```bash
npm install
```

> To install playwright browsers and OS secific depndencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install playwright browsers and OS specific dependencies:
```

```bash
npm playwright install --with-deps
```

**Note:**

* By default it uses TypeScript(`*.ts`).

This command will install all the required browsers and other dependencies. The [directory structure](https://playwright.dev/docs/intro#whats-installed) will be as follows:

### Running tests

**Note:** To run tests locally ensure the django project is being served up locally. For tests on [staging/production](./testing.md/#setting-up-environment), ensure the website is up.

By default, tests will run on three browsers in headless mode.

To run all tests:

```bash
npx playwright test
```

To run a specific test file:

```bash
npx playwright test tests/'TESTNAME'.spec.ts
```

To run it in UI mode, one can add `--ui` tag at the end.

```bash
npx playwright test --ui
```

To run a specific file in UI mode:

```bash
npx playwright test --ui tests/'TESTNAME'.spec.ts
```

### Test reports

To generate test reports:

```bash
npx playwright show-report
```

> ### Continuous intergration testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Continuous integration testing
```
